SNS-Simple Notification Service
	----Message Publishing and processing Service(PubSub)
	----It is responsible for sending message to customer if any the orders.
	----Allows Fanout (means--one to many relation(i.e..a publisher  to many customers))to millions of customers(Email,HTTP EndPoint,SQS,Texting)
	----Fully managed and durable with automatic scaling.
	----CONSIsTS OF ToPICS AND subscriptions
	-----Appication to Person or Application to Application


Application to person--mobile texting,email,etc,
Application to appliaction --lambda,kinesis  data firehouse,SQS,HTTP

	Kinesis Data firehouse---A subscription owner can subscribe up to 5 Kinesiss data firehouse delivery streams to an Amazon SNS topic.

Features and Capabilities:

	Application-to-application messaging -----
	Application-to-person notifications
	Standard and FIFO topics             -----To prevent Message duplication
	Message archiving, replay, and analytics----
	Message durability	-----Provide message durability,published data will be stored in multiple region,data centers.
				     if the server is not available means, it runs the delivery retry policy.to preserve this by creating dead -letter queue.
	Message attributes
	Message Filtering
	Message Security----Server-side encryption protects the messages -- stored in Amazon SNS topics, using encryption keys - by AWS KMS



how to create SNS

1. create topic----name,encryption,kms
2.Subscribe topic---To receive messages published to a topic, you must subscribe an endpoint to the topic.
 			When you subscribe an endpoint to a topic, the endpoint begins to receive messages 
			published to the associated topic.
3. delete the topic & subscription -----Amazon SNS topic is deleted, all subscriptions associated with that topic are also deleted
4.tagging




PRICING:
	------You pay based on the number of messages that you publish, the number of notifications that you deliver, 
		  and any additional API calls for managing topics and subscriptions. Delivery pricing varies by endpoint type

